docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome

<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/img/image31.png" alt="logo" width="100"/>
<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/img/image5.png" alt="text" width="200"/>

!!! note

    These documations are still under heavy work and is subject to change.    

## Welcome to Avian Network!
### What is Avian?

Avian Network is a proof-of-work secured blockchain designed
for efficient and interoperable asset management. The network prioritizes
usability, automation, and low fees to make asset minting and management
simple, affordable, and secure. The network's economy runs on AVN, our
native coin that can be mined on a dual algorithm setup using either GPUs
or CPUs.

For more information, as well as an immediately useable, binary version of
the Avian Core software, see [https://avn.network](https://avn.network)

### Links

<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/svg/afp.svg" alt="text" width="64"/>

[Avian Flight Plans ↗](flightplans) 
A scripting language for Avian that can embedded in websites and apps.

<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/img/wavn.png" alt="text" width="64"/>

[Wrapped Avian ↗](wAVN/what-is-wavn) 
Wrapped Avian on Polygon.

Commit message:

Add Avian Name System (ANS) docs

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome

<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/img/image31.png" alt="logo" width="100"/>
<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/img/image5.png" alt="text" width="200"/>

!!! note

    These documents are still under heavy work and is subject to change.    

## Welcome to Avian Network!
### What is Avian?

Avian Network is a proof-of-work secured blockchain designed
for efficient and interoperable asset management. The network prioritizes
usability, automation, and low fees to make asset minting and management
simple, affordable, and secure. The network's economy runs on AVN, our
native coin that can be mined on a dual algorithm setup using either GPUs
or CPUs.

For more information, as well as an immediately useable, binary version of
the Avian Core software, see [https://avn.network](https://avn.network)

### Links

<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/svg/afp.svg" alt="text" width="64"/>

[Avian Flight Plans ↗](flightplans) 
A scripting language for Avian that can embedded in websites and apps.

<img src="https://aviannetwork.github.io/avian-docs/assets/img/wavn.png" alt="text" width="64"/>

[Wrapped Avian ↗](wAVN/what-is-wavn) 
Wrapped Avian on Polygon.

[Avian Name System ↗](ans) 
A decentralized identity system using the Bitcoin UTXO model.
